README.md, before:

This is Red Pill, a 3D OpenGL "Matrix" screensaver for Mac OS X.
Copyright © 2002-2012 mathew <meta@pobox.com>.

Red Pill is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
or visit [http://www.fsf.org/](http://www.fsf.org/)

For more information about Red Pill and why you can't find it in the Mac App Store, see [http://meta.ath0.com/software/redpill/](http://meta.ath0.com/software/redpill/). Please note that Apple's terms and conditions on the App Store prohibit distribution of GPL-licensed software.

Commit message:

Add link to binary downloads

README.md, after:

This is Red Pill, a 3D OpenGL "Matrix" screensaver for Mac OS X.
Copyright © 2002-2012 mathew <meta@pobox.com>.

Looking for a binary download? Check [the downloads section](/lpar/RedPill/downloads).

Red Pill is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
or visit [http://www.fsf.org/](http://www.fsf.org/)

For more information about Red Pill and why you can't find it in the Mac App Store, see [http://meta.ath0.com/software/redpill/](http://meta.ath0.com/software/redpill/). Please note that Apple's terms and conditions on the App Store prohibit distribution of GPL-licensed software.
